fix(cli-test)!: remove default "--app deployed" global flag from commands (#2624)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: .changeset/silver-papers-lick.md

---

> "@slack/cli-test": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@slack/cli-test": major
```

📣 suggestion: The removed default is worth calling out here! Using a major version should stop our CI from accepting this change without rebuilding a base image for a more seamless update?

📚 ramble: I'll include required steps following to make this update more clear in `CHANGELOG.md` for agents and kind readers alike.

---

> fix: remove default --app global flag from create command tests

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
fix: remove default "--app deployed" global flag from commands

Commands running for a specific app must now provide the "app" argument:

```diff
  await SlackCLI.app.delete({
    appPath: "my-app",
    team: "T0123456789",
+   app: "deployed",
  });
```

The options "local" or "deployed" or app ID all remain available to use.
``````
